In your reflective learning diary, write three ideas for how you want to improve your site with JavaScript. For each idea, explain the idea and how you want to it to work in a paragraph or two (pictures may help). For each idea, briefly explain how it relates to the purposes, personas, and scenarios of the site. Save that entry.

Three Ideas:

1. User Information Input
Problem: In order to perform any sort of lookup on a specific user, the site needs to have a place where a user can enter identifying attributes for additional lookups. This form requires a few different styles of fields and should make sure they conform to their data types by performing input verification. This data should be persistent so when a user returns, they will see what they entered the last time they visited.
Requirements: 
Users should be able to enter any combination of five attributes: Email, First, Last, Postal, Phone
User entries should be stored in an encrypted cookie on the system
This cookie should also store the private IP address and any other user identifying attributes discovered during the Session
All fields should validate their input for content and type (no numbers in name fields, email matches the appropriate regex, etc)

2. Server / Session Information Display
Problem: A key component to showing what all can be captured for a user visiting the site is to interrogate the server for additional information that can only be collected via server side scripts. This information should be displayed on the "Current Session" page. Assuming the student server runs PHP, this will require collecting all of the available session variables as javascript variables and dynamically generating the tables to display the values.

Requirements:
Users should only see values from their session and not anyone else.
The quantity of session and server information will vary depending on the visitor's browser and operating system so the script will need to dynamically generate and populate the tables of information.
The generated tables must follow site stylesheets.
Information should only be stored on a client-side cookie.

3. User Self Service Deletion
Problem: Because the site is focused on informing users about privacy we need a secure and user directed mechanism for users to opt-out of our data collection and remove any files. 
Requirements:
Script must delete all client side cookies generated by the site when the user clicks a button on the site.
Script must confirm the cookie has been removed.
Script must have good error handling for situations where the user doesn't have a cookie, when the user has noscript enabled and when the script is unable to remove the cookie. It must handle these errors well and provide clear feedback to the user that it was unable to successfully remove the cookie.